A lot of people say
that no intelligent person
would believe in God.
But that’s just not true.
Many professionals believe in God,
including doctors, lawyers, teachers,
even many scientists.
When I see a car,
I ask myself, ‘Who built that?’
It takes intelligent people to design a car.
I mean, so many things
have to work just right
for the whole thing to run smoothly.
And if a car needed someone to design it,
so did humans and so did the earth
and so did the universe.
It’s like you’re walking on a beach;
you see an empty glass bottle
sticking out of the sand.
Now glass,
it’s made out of sand particles.
But, honestly,
would an intelligent person believe
that the bottle assembled itself
from sand particles?
No, of course not!
Researchers are exploring design features
of insects, fish, and other animals
to create new products, . . .
. . . or improve products that already exist.
There’s a bird called the kingfisher.
Its beak is shaped
so that it can dive quickly
from air into water
without losing too much speed.
So engineers have used
the shape of this bird’s beak
to design the nose of Japan’s bullet train.
As a result, it goes 10 percent faster
while using 15 percent less energy.
Some airplanes navigate with the help
of a computerized autopilot system
that could fit in your hand.
But that’s nothing!
The monarch butterfly has
a brain the size of a pinhead,
and yet it’s able to navigate from Canada
all the way to Mexico.
That’s more than 1,800 miles.
That’s amazing!
Humans get credit for the designs
they’ve copied from nature.
So who should get credit for the originals?
No matter where we look in the natural world
—at birds, butterflies, fish—
Everything gives evidence of a Creator.
Want more information?
Go to jw.org,
look for the Publications tab,
and download the brochure Was Life Created?